Improve description and references to VkCompareOp (#1805)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs: chapters/fragops.txt

    writes>> are enabled when pname:depthTestEnable is ename:VK_TRUE.
    Depth writes are always disabled when pname:depthTestEnable is
    ename:VK_FALSE.
  * pname:depthCompareOp is a elink:VkCompareOp value specifying the

>     comparison operator to use in the <<fragops-depth-comparision, Depth

Author: Spaces before anchor text are not covered by the style guide, nor significant to the output. About 50/50 either way.

fragments generated by <<primsrast-polygons-basic,front-facing polygons>> or
any other primitives.

The comparison operation performed is determined by a elink:VkCompareOp
value set by
ifdef::VK_VERSION_1_3,VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state[]

> flink:vkCmdSetDepthCompareOp::pname:depthCompareOp, or by

Reviewer: I don't think I've seen this "flink:A::pname:B" usage before (only with slink). But if it renders something reasonable, then no objection.

Author: It's used in a couple of dozen places, but not often.

> flink:vkCmdSetDepthCompareOp::pname:depthCompareOp, or by

Author: The flink: macro will rewrite vkCmdSetStencilOp -> vkCmdSetStencilOpEXT if the former is not supported at build time but the latter is - see LinkInlineMacroBase in config/spec-macros/extension.rb - so that's what comes out in the 1.0-extensions build. That contributed to greatly reducing the number of dead links in the older spec builds when it was introduced.

endif::VK_VERSION_1_3,VK_EXT_extended_dynamic_state[]
slink:VkStencilOpState::pname:compareOp during pipeline creation.

The compare mask [eq]#s~c~# and stencil reference value [eq]#s~r~# of the

> relevant state set determine arguments of the comparison operation.

Reviewer 2: This is C+P from the original text, it's meant to be referencing either the front or back facing state. I think this was clearer before because it was in the preceeding paragraph, whereas now they are separated.

Perhaps simply:

```suggestion
front or back stencil state set determine arguments of the comparison operation.
```

MIght also be worth reordering these paragraphs though.

[eq]#s~c~# and [eq]#s~r~$ are set by the
slink:VkPipelineDepthStencilStateCreateInfo structure during pipeline
creation, or by the flink:vkCmdSetStencilCompareMask and
flink:vkCmdSetStencilReference commands respectively.
[eq]#s~r~# and [eq]#s~a~# are each independently combined with the compare

> mask [eq]#s~c~# using a logical code:AND operation to create masked

Author: s~a~ is defined back on line 929.

> mask [eq]#s~c~# using a logical code:AND operation to create masked

Author: Don't know where the 'logical' came from, good catch. Checked to make sure it's not still in the GL spec where this was derived from, which it's not. Odd.

reference and attachment values [eq]#s'~r~# and [eq]#s'~a~#.

> [eq]#s'~r~# and [eq]#s'~a~# are used as the _reference_ and _target_ values,

Author: I'd rather not have the term 'test' used for yet another purpose.
